README.md, before:

# Broccoli and Carrots

Data Structures and Algorithms in Typescript

## Overview

_Note: this is primarily for my own learning. I'll aim to keep test coverage at 100%, but I have made this to practice 1. DSA and 2. Publishing and maintaining an npm package. Test and confirm for yourself before importing and using._

## Data Structures

| Structure                 | Type                              | Notes                                                     |
| ------------------------- | --------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Linked List][LinkedList] | Sequence (linear, not contiguous) | Similar to arrays, but uses pointers rather than indices. |

## Algorithms

## References

[Jeff Zhang - Iruka - DSA in Typescript](https://github.com/jeffzh4ng/iruka)  
[William Fiset - Algorithms - DSA in Java](https://github.com/williamfiset/Algorithms)

<!-- Link defs -->

[LinkedList]: ./src/data-structures/sequences/linked-list/index.ts

Commit message:

feature: stack follow-ups (#18)
* refactor(stack): add missing return types

* docs(stack): add documentation for the Stack data structure

README.md, after:

# Broccoli and Carrots

Data Structures and Algorithms in Typescript

## Overview

_Note: this is primarily for my own learning. I'll aim to keep test coverage at 100%, but I have made this to practice 1. DSA and 2. Publishing and maintaining an npm package. Test and confirm for yourself before importing and using._

## Data Structures

| Structure                 | Type                              | Notes                                                        |
| ------------------------- | --------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [Linked List][LinkedList] | Sequence (linear, not contiguous) | This is a [Doubly Linked List][DoublyLinkedList]             |
| [Stack][Stack]            | Sequence (linear, not contiguous) | Uses a `LinkedList` with the tail as the head of the `Stack` |

## Algorithms

## References

[Jeff Zhang - Iruka - DSA in Typescript](https://github.com/jeffzh4ng/iruka)  
[William Fiset - Algorithms - DSA in Java](https://github.com/williamfiset/Algorithms)

<!-- Link defs -->
<!-- Structures -->

[LinkedList]: ./src/data-structures/sequences/linked-list/index.ts
[Stack]: ./src/data-structures/sequences/stack/index.ts

<!-- Algorithms -->
<!-- Resources -->

[DoublyLinkedList]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doubly_linked_list;
